W-16284381 Adding example prompts (#39)
mulesoft/docs-idp: modules/ROOT/pages/example-einstein-prompts.adoc

= Example Einstein Prompts 

> Following are some use cases and example Einstein prompts for each situation. These prompts were created based on the sample data used during each test and are meant to provide insight about creating prompts to analyze and format your custom documents. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following are some use cases and example Einstein prompts for each situation. These prompts are based on the sample data used during each test and are meant to provide insight about creating prompts to analyze and format your custom documents. 
```

Reviewer: You might also consider replacing "are meant to provide insight about creating" with a simpler like "show how to create".

[source]
----
Classify each page of the following timesheet summary as a unique document type and also identify whether the page continues from the previous document type or it is a new one. 
Summarize all the employee's names in the timesheet summary document and the pages where their timesheet entry is found. 
Structure the output as a JSON where the employee name is the key and the page number is the value.
----

== Extract Form Data as Key/Value Pairs 

The following example prompt analyzes a form and extracts all data as key value pairs in JSON format: 

[source]
----
Extract important information in the text delimited by *********
The data in the text is a medical form and has key/value pairs. 
Extract and present the key value pairs in a JSON formatted response.

Do not create new information, interpret only the information in the provided document.

An example output JSON is:
    
    "patient_name: {
        "value" : "Max the Mule",
    }
----

== Extract Form Data as Key/Value Pairs Including Handwritten Values

> The following example is a prompt that analyzes a medical certificate to extract key/value pairs, assigns a confidence score to each value, and also considers handwriting during the extraction: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example is a prompt that analyzes a medical certificate to extract key/value pairs, assigns a confidence score to each value, and considers handwriting during the extraction: 
```

[source]
----
Extract important information from the document.
Present the key value pairs in a JSON formatted response.

If you find a date, then format it in yyyy/mm/dd format.
If you find an age, simply return the number and drop the "years old".

> If you see a checkmark on a checkbox, extract that value as "Yes", otherwise, mark that option as "No". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see a checkmark on a checkbox, extract that value as "Yes"; otherwise, mark that option as "No". 
```

Do not create any facts of information, interpret only the information in the document.
For each key, value that you find, try to associate a confidence score.

To generate a confidence score:

> If you are fairly confident about the information in the text, then show confidence score between 80% to 90%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are confident about the information in the text, show a confidence score between 80% to 90%
```

Reviewer: I'd hesitate to use the word "fairly", because it has multiple meanings (writing for a global audience). You might use "reasonably" or another more specific synonym if it really needs to be qualified.

> If you are not confident, then return a low confidence score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not confident, return a low confidence score.
```

Reviewer: I don't know if you have to use the if, then construct. It is typically discouraged in tech writing, as Marina discussed today. It's more for coding, but since this is an AI prompt, might be necessary?
